Release notes for prerelease package (#2411)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/release-notes.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## 1.0.1619-prerelease

Release Date: January 19, 2023

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1619-prerelease](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1619-prerelease)

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires Microsoft Edge version 111.0.1619.0 or higher.

### General

#### Experimental features 

*  Added support for the Permission management API:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * * CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs Class
>    CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs.SaveInProfile Property
> * ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class
>    ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property
>    ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionOrigin Property
>    ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionState Property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs.SavesInProfile Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs.savesinprofile?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionkind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionOrigin Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionorigin?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionState Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionstate?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs Class
>    CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs.SaveInProfile Property
> * ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class
>    ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property
>    ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionOrigin Property
>    ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionState Property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs.SavesInProfile Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#savesinprofile)
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#permissionkind)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionOrigin Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#permissionorigin)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionState Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#permissionstate)
```

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionRequestedEventArgs3
>    get_SavesInProfile
>    put_SavesInProfile
> * ICoreWebView2ExperimentalSetPermissionStateCompletedHandler
> * ICoreWebView2ExperimentalGetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler
> * ICoreWebView2ExperimentalProfile6
>    SetPermissionState
>    GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings
> * ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView
>    GetValueAtIndex
>    get_Count
> * ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting
>    get_PermissionKind
>    get_PermissionOrigin
>    get_PermissionState

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionRequestedEventArgs3 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionrequestedeventargs3?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionRequestedEventArgs3::SavesInProfile property (get](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionrequestedeventargs3?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_savesinprofile), [put)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionrequestedeventargs3?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#put_savesinprofile)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalSetPermissionStateCompletedHandler interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalsetpermissionstatecompletedhandler?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalGetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalgetnondefaultpermissionsettingscompletedhandler?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalProfile6 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalprofile6?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalProfile6::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalprofile6?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getnondefaultpermissionsettings)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalProfile6::SetPermissionState method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalprofile6?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#setpermissionstate)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView::Count property (get)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_count)<!--no put-->
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView::GetValueAtIndex method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getvalueatindex)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting::PermissionKind property (get)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionkind)<!--no put-->
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting::PermissionOrigin property (get)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionorigin)<!--no put-->
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting::PermissionState property (get)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionstate)<!--no put-->
```

---

*  Added support for API to disable back and forward navigation:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * CoreWebView2NavigationStartingEventArgs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2NavigationStartingEventArgs Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2navigationstartingeventargs?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * CoreWebView2NavigationStartingEventArgs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2NavigationStartingEventArgs Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2navigationstartingeventargs?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* ICoreWebView2ExperimentalNavigationStartingEventArgs2

---

#### Promotions

The following APIs are promoted to stable in this prerelease SDK:

*  The Custom Scheme Registration API:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class
>    CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property
> * CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions.customschemeregistrations?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> 

Reviewer: @nishitha-burman @peiche-jessica - property not found, for WinRT:
CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.**CustomSchemeRegistrations** Property

Class:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease

It's found for .NET:
* [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions.customschemeregistrations?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

Equiv is found for Win32:
   * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4::GetCustomSchemeRegistrations method](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions4?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getcustomschemeregistrations)
   * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4::SetCustomSchemeRegistrations method](https://learn.microsoft.com//microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions4?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&

> * CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class
>    CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property
> * CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4
   GetCustomSchemeRegistrations
   SetCustomSchemeRegistrations
* ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration
   get_SchemeName
   get_TreatAsSecure
   put_TreatAsSecure
   GetAllowedOrigins
   SetAllowedOrigins
   get_HasAuthorityComponent
   put_HasAuthorityComponent

---

*  The Tracking Prevention API:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

* CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class
   CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.EnableTrackingPrevention Property
* CoreWebView2Profile Class
   CoreWebView2Profile.PreferredTrackingPreventionLevel Property

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class
>    CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.EnableTrackingPrevention Property
> * CoreWebView2Profile Class
>    CoreWebView2Profile.PreferredTrackingPreventionLevel Property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.EnableTrackingPrevention Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#enabletrackingprevention)
* [CoreWebView2Profile Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2profile?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2Profile.PreferredTrackingPreventionLevel Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2profile?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#preferredtrackingpreventionlevel)
```

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions5
>    get_EnableTrackingPrevention
>    put_EnableTrackingPrevention
> * ICoreWebView2Profile3
>    get_PreferredTrackingPreventionLevel
>    put_PreferredTrackingPreventionLevel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions5 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions5?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions5::EnableTrackingPrevention property (get](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions5?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_enabletrackingprevention), [put)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions5?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#put_enabletrackingprevention)
* [ICoreWebView2Profile3 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2profile3?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2Profile3::PreferredTrackingPreventionLevel property (get](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2profile3?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_preferredtrackingpreventionlevel), [put)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2profile3?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#put_preferredtrackingpreventionlevel)
```

---

#### Bug fixes
 

> * Disable "Open link as Profile" in the WebView2 context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Disable **Open link as Profile** in the WebView2 context menu.
```

> * Fix post data missing in form submit with control click. ([Issue #2652](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2652))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fix post data missing in form submit with control-click. ([Issue #2652](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2652))
```

> * Fixed a bug where the user is not able to get the custom context menu on PDF Viewer. ([Issue #2607](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2607))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fixed a bug where the user is not able to get the custom context menu on PDF Viewer. ([Issue #2607](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2607))
```

> * Fixed bug where the whole tool bar will be blank when hiding Bookmarks, Search, and PageSelector buttons simultaneously. ([Issue #2866](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2866))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fixed bug where the entire tool bar is blank when simultaneously hiding the **Bookmarks**, **Search**, and **PageSelector** buttons. ([Issue #2866](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2866))
```

> * Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to move focus to WebView2 when it is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to move focus to WebView2 when it is disabled.
```

Author: When the WebView is disabled

> * Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to move focus to WebView2 when it is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to move focus to WebView2 when the WebView2 control is disabled.
```

> * Fix drag/drop within the WebView2 for composition hosted WebViews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fix drag-and-drop within the WebView2 for composition-hosted WebViews.
```

> * Remove read aloud icon in address bar in a WebView2 popup window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Removed read-aloud icon in address bar in a WebView2 popup window.
```

> * Fix unexpected items in context menu of popup windows in WebView2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fixed unexpected items in the context menu of popup windows in WebView2.
```

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1619-prerelease](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1619-prerelease)

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires Microsoft Edge version 111.0.1619.0 or higher.

### General

#### Experimental features 

*  Added support for the Permission management API:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

* [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs.SavesInProfile Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs.savesinprofile?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionkind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

>    * [CoreWebView2PermissionKind Enum](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionkind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease)
>       * MultipleAutomaticDownloads
>       * FileReadWrite
>       * Autoplay
>       * LocalFonts
>       * MidiSystemExclusiveMessageAccess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionKind Enum](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionkind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
      * `MultipleAutomaticDownloads`
      * `FileReadWrite`
      * `Autoplay`
      * `LocalFonts`
      * `MidiSystemExclusiveMessageAccess`
```

   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionState Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionstate?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

* [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs.SavesInProfile Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#savesinprofile)
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#permissionkind)

>    * [CoreWebView2PermissionKind Enum](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionkind?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease)
>       * MultipleAutomaticDownloads
>       * FileReadWrite
>       * Autoplay
>       * LocalFonts
>       * MidiSystemExclusiveMessageAccess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionKind Enum](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionkind?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
      * `MultipleAutomaticDownloads`
      * `FileReadWrite`
      * `Autoplay`
      * `LocalFonts`
      * `MidiSystemExclusiveMessageAccess`
```

* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView::Count property (get)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_count)<!--no put-->
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSettingCollectionView::GetValueAtIndex method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getvalueatindex)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalPermissionSetting::PermissionKind property (get)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalpermissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionkind)<!--no put-->

>    * [COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND Enum](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease#corewebview2_permission_kind)
>       * COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_MULTIPLE_AUTOMATIC_DOWNLOADS
>       * COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_FILE_READ_WRITE
>       * COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_AUTOPLAY
>       * COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_LOCAL_FONTS
>       * COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_MIDI_SYSTEM_EXCLUSIVE_MESSAGE_ACCESS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND Enum](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#corewebview2_permission_kind)
      * `COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_MULTIPLE_AUTOMATIC_DOWNLOADS`
      * `COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_FILE_READ_WRITE`
      * `COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_AUTOPLAY`
      * `COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_LOCAL_FONTS`
      * `COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND_MIDI_SYSTEM_EXCLUSIVE_MESSAGE_ACCESS`
```
